Add public documentation for LangSmith Engine issue categories (#4973)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/engine-issue-categories.mdx

---
title: LangSmith Engine issue categories
sidebarTitle: Issue categories
description: Reference for the issue categories LangSmith Engine assigns to detected issues, including descriptions and examples.
---

> When [LangSmith Engine](/langsmith/engine) detects a recurring issue in your traces, it tags the issue with a category. This page lists every category Engine assigns, with a description and concrete example for each. Engine automatically scans your traces and assigns the best-fitting category to each detected issue; you do not select categories manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [LangSmith Engine](/langsmith/engine) detects a recurring issue in your traces, it tags the issue with a category. This page lists every category Engine assigns, with a description and concrete example for each. Engine automatically scans your traces and assigns the best-fitting category to each detected issue.
```

What do you think about dropping the manual part and relaying on the "automatically"?

Author: agreed. updated as suggested.

> The 16 categories below cover the most common agent failure patterns Engine has observed. If Engine assigns a category that does not match the actual problem, you can mark the issue as ignored with a reason. Engine uses this feedback to improve its future analysis. For more information, see [Close or reopen an issue](/langsmith/engine#close-or-reopen-an-issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 16 categories on this page cover the most common agent failure patterns Engine has observed. If Engine assigns a category that does not match the actual problem, you can mark the issue as ignored with a reason. Engine uses this feedback to improve its future analysis. For more information, see [Close or reopen an issue](/langsmith/engine#close-or-reopen-an-issue).
```

Author: updated

> LangSmith does not currently send notifications when the issue taxonomy changes. To stay informed, watch the [LangSmith Cloud changelog](/langsmith/changelog) or contact LangSmith support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
LangSmith does not send notifications when the issue taxonomy changes. To stay informed of feature updates, watch the [LangSmith Cloud changelog](/langsmith/changelog) or contact LangSmith support.
</Note>
```

Can we get around the "currently" or do we need to keep?

Author: not needed. updated.

---
title: LangSmith Engine issue categories
sidebarTitle: Issue categories
description: Reference for the issue categories LangSmith Engine assigns to detected issues, including descriptions and examples.
---

When [LangSmith Engine](/langsmith/engine) detects a recurring issue in your traces, it tags the issue with a category. This page lists every category Engine assigns, with a description and concrete example for each. Engine automatically scans your traces and assigns the best-fitting category to each detected issue; you do not select categories manually.

> The 16 categories below cover the most common agent failure patterns Engine has observed. When Engine finds a recurring issue that does not fit any of these categories cleanly, it assigns a short descriptive category name instead, so project-specific issues are still labeled and tracked.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this, we did this briefly but will remove this unique category creation. The paragraph above is perfect/accurate and not sure if we need anything else

Author: updated
